Haven't seen enough yet?
You are so cold
To childhood sweethearts from afar
Don't give me any face
Are you not giving me face?
Stealing the Tianqin report is reluctant to leave
As long as I'm still in the army
I will arrest you as a spy
It's not that I don't give you old face
My legs are numb.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Oops, ya, ya, ya.
Yeah.
What are you doing?
I'm not going to eat you
You don't have to thank me
Anyway, you still have something to use in the future
Where?
Hey
My old man wants me to marry Qin Hongxing.
He owes himself a favor and wants me to pay it back
You've got to see this.
You don't want to
But you are engaged to him
Have protected him and his family for several years
This favor is over, right?
Looks like you were eavesdropping a lot outside just now
But don't go out and say this casually.
Bad for you
So you want to use me to reject Qin Hongxing?
Well, even without Qin Hongxing
My family
He will spare no effort to arrange another marriage for me
So your current identity as a wife
For me
Particularly useful
I see.
Double captain, do you want to return to Beijing before
Using a country girl like me as a shield
But is this task difficult?
It's a big task, of course.
Presumably later or fragile minds
Facing from your powerful family
And the fiancée was devastated like a storm
All paid or not
Well, tell me what you need.